# SwitchStream - Stream with a Witty Switch

SwitchStream is a Next.js and Typescript-based live streaming platform, providing a feature-rich experience for both streamers and viewers. Leveraging Prisma and Vercel Postgres, with Livekit for stream integration and Clerk for authentication, SwitchStream is designed to offer a seamless and engaging streaming environment.

## Key Features

- **Seamless Access:**
  SwitchStream ensures an inclusive streaming experience by allowing viewers to access streams effortlessly, with or without the need for login credentials.

- **Command Center for Chat Control:**
  Empowering content creators, SwitchStream provides a sophisticated command center for streamers. They can enable or disable the chat, introduce chat delays for strategic interaction, and    even restrict chat to followers only.

- **Secure Streaming with Livekit:**
  SwitchStream takes streaming security seriously by integrating seamlessly with Livekit. Streamers can confidently broadcast their content using stream keys and pass keys generated by     Livekit, ensuring a secure and reliable streaming experience.

- **Shape Your Community:**
  Viewers can actively engage with their favorite creators by following or unfollowing them, fostering a sense of connection and loyalty. To maintain a positive and welcoming community,       streamers have the ability to block unwanted followers or guest users.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get SwitchStream up and running:

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/SwitchStream.git
   cd SwitchStream

2. **Install Dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install

3. **Set Up Environment Variables:**
   Copy the ```.env.example``` file to ```.env``` and fill in the required values.

4. **Run the Application:**
   ```bash
   npm run dev

5. **Access SwitchStream:**
   Open your browser and go to ```http://localhost:3000``` to access the SwitchStream application.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, feel free to fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.


## Contact

If you have any questions or suggestions, please feel free to contact Akshit Mittal at [mittalakshit4@gmail.com].
